24/04/26 01:52:16 WARN impl.MetricsSystemImpl: Metrics system not started: Cannot locate configuration: tried hadoop-metrics2-wasp.properties, hadoop-metrics2.properties
Exception in thread "Thread-3" java.lang.NullPointerException
	at com.alibaba.wasp.fserver.EntityGroup.run(EntityGroup.java:1264)
	at java.lang.Thread.run(Thread.java:750)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR fserver.EntityGroup: PrepareInsertEntity failed.
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at com.alibaba.wasp.storage.StorageServicesImpl.checkRowExistsBeforeInsert(StorageServicesImpl.java:66)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.fserver.EntityGroup.prepareInsertEntity(EntityGroup.java:548)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.fserver.EntityGroup.insert(EntityGroup.java:412)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.fserver.TestEntityGroupAlone.testInsert(TestEntityGroupAlone.java:105)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)


getDropTableFailedPlan


com.alibaba.wasp.TableExistsException: User is already exists!
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.getCreateTablePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:444)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.generatePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:113)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.loadTable(DruidParserTestUtil.java:85)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.loadTable(DruidParserTestUtil.java:76)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.setUp(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:66)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:27)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.wasp.TableNotFoundException: Photo2 not exists!
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.FMetaEventOperation.checkAndGetTable(FMetaEventOperation.java:79)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.getDropTablePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:396)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.generatePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:121)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:104)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getDropTableFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:188)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.ParserException: error DOT
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLExprParser.name(SQLExprParser.java:634)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.dialect.WaspSqlStatementParser.parseDropTable(WaspSqlStatementParser.java:1080)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLStatementParser.parseStatementList(SQLStatementParser.java:125)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLStatementParser.parseStatementList(SQLStatementParser.java:68)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParser.parseSqlToStatement(DruidParser.java:110)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:103)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getDropTableFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:188)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)


getCreateIndexFailedPlan


24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.ParserException: error DOT
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLExprParser.name(SQLExprParser.java:634)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.dialect.WaspSqlStatementParser.parseCreateIndex(WaspSqlStatementParser.java:129)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.dialect.WaspSqlStatementParser.parseCreate(WaspSqlStatementParser.java:107)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLStatementParser.parseStatementList(SQLStatementParser.java:94)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLStatementParser.parseStatementList(SQLStatementParser.java:68)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParser.parseSqlToStatement(DruidParser.java:110)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:103)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getCreateIndexFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.wasp.TableNotFoundException: Photo1 not exists!
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.FMetaEventOperation.checkAndGetTable(FMetaEventOperation.java:79)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.getCreateIndexPlan(DruidDDLParser.java:653)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.generatePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:117)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:104)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getCreateIndexFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.UnsupportedException: Index keys is Primary Keys.
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.getCreateIndexPlan(DruidDDLParser.java:682)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.generatePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:117)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:104)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getCreateIndexFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.ParserException: TODO IDENTIFIER local
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.dialect.WaspSqlStatementParser.parseCreate(WaspSqlStatementParser.java:113)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLStatementParser.parseStatementList(SQLStatementParser.java:94)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLStatementParser.parseStatementList(SQLStatementParser.java:68)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParser.parseSqlToStatement(DruidParser.java:110)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:103)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getCreateIndexFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.UnsupportedException: Photo does not have column 'time2'!
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.FMetaEventOperation.checkAndGetFields(FMetaEventOperation.java:114)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.getCreateIndexPlan(DruidDDLParser.java:689)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.generatePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:117)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:104)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getCreateIndexFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.UnsupportedException: Index have two same field 'time'
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.getCreateIndexPlan(DruidDDLParser.java:665)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.generatePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:117)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:104)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getCreateIndexFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.ParserException: ERROR. token : RPAREN Photo
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLExprParser.primary(SQLExprParser.java:452)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.dialect.mysql.parser.MySqlExprParser.primary(MySqlExprParser.java:164)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLExprParser.expr(SQLExprParser.java:86)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLExprParser.parseSelectOrderByItem(SQLExprParser.java:758)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.dialect.WaspSqlStatementParser.parseCreateIndex(WaspSqlStatementParser.java:135)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.dialect.WaspSqlStatementParser.parseCreate(WaspSqlStatementParser.java:107)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLStatementParser.parseStatementList(SQLStatementParser.java:94)
	at com.alibaba.druid.sql.parser.SQLStatementParser.parseStatementList(SQLStatementParser.java:68)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParser.parseSqlToStatement(DruidParser.java:110)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:103)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getCreateIndexFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
24/04/26 01:52:16 ERROR druid.DruidParserTestUtil: execute
com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.UnsupportedException: Index keys contain all Primary Keys.
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.getCreateIndexPlan(DruidDDLParser.java:685)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidDDLParser.generatePlan(DruidDDLParser.java:117)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.DruidParserTestUtil.execute(DruidParserTestUtil.java:104)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.plan.parser.druid.TestDruidDDLFailParser.getCreateIndexFailedPlan(TestDruidDDLFailParser.java:100)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.InvokeMethod.evaluate(InvokeMethod.java:20)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:28)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.rules.TestWatcher$1.evaluate(TestWatcher.java:47)
	at org.junit.rules.RunRules.evaluate(RunRules.java:18)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runLeaf(ParentRunner.java:263)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:68)
	at org.junit.runners.BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.runChild(BlockJUnit4ClassRunner.java:47)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
--------------------------------------------
SELECT			SELECT
STAR			*
FROM			FROM
IDENTIFIER		T
WHERE			WHERE
IDENTIFIER		F1
EQ			=
QUES			?
ORDER			ORDER
BY			BY
IDENTIFIER		F2
EOF			null
--------------------------------------------
24/04/26 01:52:16 INFO wasp.WaspTestingUtility: Starting up minicluster with 1 master(s) and 3 fserver(s) 
Starting DataNode 0 with dfs.data.dir: /home/alex/Repositories/wasp/target/test-data/82ea7132-ca15-452a-a6a3-185a469cac27/dfscluster_93b33cf0-6d76-4866-bc3a-6f7932e75578/dfs/data/data1,/home/alex/Repositories/wasp/target/test-data/82ea7132-ca15-452a-a6a3-185a469cac27/dfscluster_93b33cf0-6d76-4866-bc3a-6f7932e75578/dfs/data/data2
24/04/26 01:52:17 ERROR datanode.DataNode: All directories in dfs.data.dir are invalid.
24/04/26 01:52:17 INFO wasp.WaspTestingUtility: Shutting down mini wasp cluster
24/04/26 01:52:17 INFO wasp.WaspTestingUtility: Minicluster is down
java.lang.NullPointerException
	at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.MiniDFSCluster.startDataNodes(MiniDFSCluster.java:422)
	at org.apache.hadoop.hdfs.MiniDFSCluster.<init>(MiniDFSCluster.java:280)
	at org.apache.hadoop.hbase.HBaseTestingUtility.startMiniDFSCluster(HBaseTestingUtility.java:451)
	at org.apache.hadoop.hbase.HBaseTestingUtility.startMiniCluster(HBaseTestingUtility.java:619)
	at org.apache.hadoop.hbase.HBaseTestingUtility.startMiniCluster(HBaseTestingUtility.java:575)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.WaspTestingUtility.startMiniCluster(WaspTestingUtility.java:172)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.WaspTestingUtility.startMiniCluster(WaspTestingUtility.java:144)
	at com.alibaba.wasp.fserver.TestTwoPhaseCommit.setUpBeforeClass(TestTwoPhaseCommit.java:73)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke0(Native Method)
	at sun.reflect.NativeMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(NativeMethodAccessorImpl.java:62)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod$1.runReflectiveCall(FrameworkMethod.java:45)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.model.ReflectiveCallable.run(ReflectiveCallable.java:15)
	at org.junit.runners.model.FrameworkMethod.invokeExplosively(FrameworkMethod.java:42)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunBefores.evaluate(RunBefores.java:27)
	at org.junit.internal.runners.statements.RunAfters.evaluate(RunAfters.java:30)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:128)
	at org.junit.runners.Suite.runChild(Suite.java:24)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$3.run(ParentRunner.java:231)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$1.schedule(ParentRunner.java:60)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.runChildren(ParentRunner.java:229)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.access$000(ParentRunner.java:50)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner$2.evaluate(ParentRunner.java:222)
	at org.junit.runners.ParentRunner.run(ParentRunner.java:300)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:157)
	at org.junit.runner.JUnitCore.run(JUnitCore.java:136)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.execute(JUnitTestExecutor.java:259)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.executeWithJUnit4Runner(JUnitTestExecutor.java:327)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.JUnitTestExecutor.runOrder(JUnitTestExecutor.java:49)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.$anonfun$run$1(Executor.scala:30)
	at scala.runtime.java8.JFunction0$mcV$sp.apply(JFunction0$mcV$sp.java:12)
	at scala.util.Try$.apply(Try.scala:209)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.run(Executor.scala:28)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor$.main(Executor.scala:18)
	at edu.illinois.cs.testrunner.execution.Executor.main(Executor.scala)
